all right so two days ago I got cut open
and it's really hard to move arms and
stuff so yeah okay all right okay that's
difficult um anyway so there's lots of
like padding here and my drains come out
like right here and from peaking my
nipples are gonna be like right here
it's a little bit um there's a blood
clot yeah these things get like blood
clots in them but you just clean him
he's kind of like working out
compression patches I guess to keep them
hot yeah yeah they're know there was
like it was like to say in that biotic
because their skin grafts which is yes
but and these over right now I'll make a
video all of its glory the dreams were
they're coming out to then bandages on
the side yep my never desert there which
I think it's pretty good please man
let's see well I just took the band-aids
off of my my nipples because I'm gonna
go take a shower so this is what they
look like um not too good huh but well
alright I'll give you the details so
basically just good sometimes I just
like remember how I stopped to bind and
I'm just like so um yeah so so like
so it's like so here's kind of what it
looks like standing up obviously do this
move in my videos I don't know why um
yeah so and so I've been working out a
little bit and as a vegan gaining muscle
is pretty hard but um I'm definitely
getting like but um yeah so like my
chest fairly great now is uh it's kind
of hard to see but this scar is starting
to get lighter um and this scar is
getting pretty light too so I guess I'm
like really happy it's done for me
um and I'm gonna okay so basically like
labs are released already know so I
thought yesterday but um I I don't work
out that much just two years post-op
subjugation of my chest for the fat I'll
show you um so as you can see the scars
are starting to fade they're getting a
little better and alright so now it is
Thursday December 29th 2011 and I'm to
use post-op um yeah so as you can see
the healing has been been a journey so
what my chest currently looks like it's
kind of hard letting to tell right now
but you can see see looking good
I pretty much have feeling all over my
chest now my left nipple ah okay this
nipple can get hard because it has the
nipple apart a little nipple press up
nipple gets hard whenever it wants this
one doesn't really well has more of a
nipple part than I thought it did
originally you can kind of see it thanks
I see it they kind of both look pretty
normal
originally this one look like it wasn't
even gonna have the little puppy out
nipple part but it totally does so
that's cool and
yeah I haven't been using anything
religiously on my scars I think it's
really mostly time that has made them
fade but that's cool so yeah two years
post-op it's been it's been nice I
really enjoy running around without a
shirt on and not you know not having to
worry about it so it's been two good
years two good years of binder list
existence so I'm very thankful for that
and I thought I should make a little
tribute just to show that whole journey
again and kind of relive it a little bit
there um so I hope you enjoyed seeing my
chest and the Jillian times five minutes
I'll show you one more time
okay look whoa scars fading cool alright
anyway um sorry about the crappy
lighting asleep
so it goes alright so yeah I'm still
happy about them so every time sure do
this good house we're just about
experience alright peace
[Music]
was less